Update project-service-core-solution-version-history.md (#154)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-ProjectServer: ProjectWeb/project-service-core-solution-version-history.md

  
|**Version**|**Release date**|**Update description**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|1.0.61.61| March 17, 2023 | Features included in this release:|

> |  |  | **Schedule API Operation Set Details Limit Increase:** The Operation set detail limit has been increased from 100 to 200. For more information, see: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/project-operations/project-management/schedule-api-preview|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  |  | **Schedule API Operation Set Details Limit Increase:** The Operation set detail limit has been increased from 100 to 200. For more information, see [Use Project schedule APIs to perform operations with Scheduling entities](/dynamics365/project-operations/project-management/schedule-api-preview).|
```
